The modules in this directory deal with the subject of general data cube processing. In DanIDL, the
term "data cube" is used to refer to any three-dimensional array, and the elements of this array are
generally referred to as pixels. Some modules further require a minimum size along each data cube
dimension for the input data cube(s).

In DanIDL, I adopt three different definitions for data cube coordinate systems:

(i) The pixel index coordinate system for data cubes is a discrete coordinate system that defines the
    bottom left-hand pixel in the first slice of a data cube to be at the integer coordinates (0,0,0).
    For each pixel moved along the positive x-axis in the data cube, the x pixel index increments by
    1. Similarly, for each pixel moved along the positive y-axis in the data cube, the y pixel index
    increments by 1. Finally, for each pixel moved along the positive z-axis in the data cube, the z
    pixel index increments by 1. This pixel coordinate system is defined in this manner in order to
    be consistent with IDL array indices which start at zero.

(ii) The pixel number coordinate system for data cubes is also a discrete coordinate system with the
     same properties as the pixel index coordinate system, except that it defines the bottom left-hand
     pixel in the first slice of a data cube to be at the integer coordinates (1,1,1).

(iii) The continuous pixel coordinate system for data cubes is defined as a right-handed coordinate
      system such that the x-, y- and z-axes are parallel with the edges of the data cube, the origin
      of the coordinate system is located on the outer corner of an appropriate corner pixel of the
      data cube, and the centre of the corner pixel touching the origin has coordinates (0.5,0.5,0.5).
      For each full pixel moved along the positive x-axis in the data cube, the x pixel coordinate
      increments by 1. Similarly, for each full pixel moved along the positive y-axis in the data
      cube, the y pixel coordinate increments by 1. Finally, for each full pixel moved along the
      positive z-axis in the data cube, the z pixel coordinate increments by 1.

These definitions apply to all DanIDL modules, not just those that are present in this directory.
